Update Kotlin Multiplatform SDK documentation for 0.5.0 release (#27437)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/real_user_monitoring/mobile_and_tv_monitoring/kotlin_multiplatform/integrated_libraries.md

If you use Ktor to make network requests in your application, you can integrate the Datadog Ktor plugin to collect RUM information about them:

1. [Install the Datadog Kotlin Multiplatform SDK and enable RUM][1].

> 2. Add a common dependency on `dd-sdk-kotlin-multiplatform-ktor` if you are using Ktor 2.x, or on `dd-sdk-kotlin-multiplatform-ktor3` if you are using Ktor 3.x:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Add a common dependency to `dd-sdk-kotlin-multiplatform-ktor` if you're using Ktor 2.x, or `dd-sdk-kotlin-multiplatform-ktor3` for Ktor 3.x:
```

```kotlin
kotlin {
    // ...
    sourceSets {
        // ...
        commonMain.dependencies {

>             // in case of Ktor 2.x

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            // Use this line if you are using Ktor 2.x
```

            implementation("com.datadoghq:dd-sdk-kotlin-multiplatform-ktor:x.x.x")

>             // in case of Ktor 3.x

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            // Use this line if you are using Ktor 3.x
```
